
https://codepen.io/jekegren01/pen/xxwxeEX

    1.  What is Semantic HTML? 
            HTML with meaning
    2.  What is HTML used for? 
            It is the foundation for all of the text and items on a webpage. 
    3.  What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
            An attribute defines additional properties of an element in HTML. There
            many ways to put attributes into HTML. They are made up of two parts,
            a name and an attribute.
    4.  What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
            h1 tags are used to signify the most important title/header of a page.
            There should only be 1 used.
    5.  Name two tags that have required attributes
            font-size
            height, width
    6.  What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
            This is an odd question.  I would say comments neccesary to pass on.
            Or, the head tag is used to hold Metadata about the page.
    7.  What is an id? 
            An id is a specific tag for hmtl. Only one id should be used for a 
            specific tag.
    8.  What elements can I add an id to? 
            Any elements can be used with an id tag.  But only once.
    9.  How many times can I use the same id on a page?   
            Once
    10. What is a class? 
            A class is tag that can be used to identify more that one element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
            Any elements can be added to a class.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
            As many times as neccesary to provide continuity and use only one style 
            selector to style multiple elements.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
            Hold Command and click the link.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
            It is used to describe the img or what it is representing.
    15. How do I reference an id?
            With a #nameofID
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
            A div is more general, but they are the same thing. Div means division,
            which new sections are new divisions.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
            CSS is used to style HTML.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
            h2 { attribute: value;}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
            A class is used to tag a number of elements, an ID is used to tag 
            one element.  ID tags should be used very sparingly so as to not cause issues 
            with your CSS styling.  You might tag one specific line with an ID tag with in a section
            if you are wanting to style that line in a unique way, different from everything else.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
            Classes are selected with a .className.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
            there are a couple of ways
            .human
            p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
            It is used to select subelements of one larger class, and so on and so forth downward.
            Its useful when you need to style different sub elements of one larger element. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
            .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
            a pseudo selector allows you to select a secific item without knowing the
            specific number of item.  ie...last one, first one, middle, etc.
    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
            line-height: Value;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
            letter-spacing: Value. (in px or in em-reletive to fontsize)
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
            text-transform: uppercase lowercase capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
            div { border: 1px dotted black }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
            *  or univeral selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
            /*  Comment  */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
            you can read the command line, it tells you what folder you are in.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
            ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
            rm, because in command line, it will just carry out the command up pressing enter,
            and cannot be undone.
    34. Why should I use version control?  
            Because version control allows you to maintain a series of saves and records
            the history of all of them.  This allows you to revert to a previous version 
            of code.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
            Often, this is a personal preference.  But it makes sense to do it at logic points 
            throughout your coding.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
            git push -u origin BranchName
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        git clone http address
        git checkout -b 'BranchName'
        make whatever changes or additions 
        git add .
        git commit -m 'comments'
        git push -u origin BranchName
        then make pull request from github

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        Block elements cause a line break where inline elements do not.  
        So, you cant put block elements inside of inline elements.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        All four sides, Top/Btm/Left/Right properties specify offsets from the
        edges of the containing block (the ancestor relative to the positioned element)
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
        I would assume the auto value used with the width attribute allows you to take up only
        the amount of space needed.  But, with an addition to the element, i.e. adding additional text,
        the item would increase in width.
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that inline by default and 1 element that is display in are inline-block by default
        block level by default: header, footer, section
        inline by default: span, a, img
        inline-block by default: button, input
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
        Since all elements are considered boxes in HTML, the CSS box model allows us to add
        border around elements and spacing between the elements.  
        
        The fix for the box model is to use a numeric value for an atribute. This fixs one of 
        the 5 size attributes: height, width, padding, margin, border
